Update serviceinvocation-quickstart.md (#3147)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/quickstarts/serviceinvocation-quickstart.md

dapr run --app-port 7001 --app-id order-processor --app-protocol http --dapr-http-port 3501 -- dotnet run
```

> Add this code block to the Program.cs file in the current directory

Reviewer: This is actually not necessary. The quickstarts are self-contained without users needing to create/add anything for them to work. Instead, we can say something like:

```suggestion
Below is the working code block from the order processor's `Program.cs` file.
```

And then update the code block, since it looks like it's been updated since they were first documented:

```csharp
app.MapPost("/orders", (Order order) =>
{
    Console.WriteLine("Order received : " + order);
    return order.ToString();
});
```

dapr run --app-id checkout --app-protocol http --dapr-http-port 3500 -- dotnet run
```

> In the Program.cs file inside `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header, which specifies the ID of the target service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Program.cs file for the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header, which specifies the ID of the target service.
```
